Adding a question if a project can be without a steward (#173)
orcwg/cra-hub: faq.md

### Open-Source Software Stewards

<details>
    <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-170" href="#faq-tmp-170">tmp-170.</a> Can an open source project be WITHOUT an <em>open-source software steward</em>?</strong></summary>

> Yes, an open source project can be without an _open-source software steward _. In fact, most open source projets won't have one. It is possible there is no organisation with the purpose or objective of systematically providing support on a sustained basis for the development. If someone (e.g a company) uses code from the project in their product, the company is a manufacturer (as defined in the CRA), but no one becomes a steward based on fact the company uses project code.

Reviewer: Paralleling the above. Could go deeper on the tests here in the thid paragraph if we wanted to?
```suggestion
No. Most open source projects will not have a stewards. 

A steward must be a "legal person" (Art. 3), such as a company, and most open source projects are not supported by a company. 

The stewarding organization must also have "the purpose or objective of systematically providing support on a sustained basis" (Art. 3) and their software must be "ultimately intended for commercial activities" (recital 19). Organizations who do not meet those tests will also not be considered stewards.
```

> Yes, an open source project can be without an _open-source software steward _. In fact, most open source projets won't have one. It is possible there is no organisation with the purpose or objective of systematically providing support on a sustained basis for the development. If someone (e.g a company) uses code from the project in their product, the company is a manufacturer (as defined in the CRA), but no one becomes a steward based on fact the company uses project code.

Reviewer 2: `_open-source software steward _.`
_open-source software steward_.
Not rendering correctly due to the space.

### Open-Source Software Stewards

<details>
    <a name="q-can-a-project-be-without-a-steward"></a>

>     <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-170" href="#faq-tmp-170">tmp-170.</a> Can a project be <em>without a steward</em>?</strong></summary>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-170" href="#faq-tmp-170">tmp-170.</a> Can an open source project be WITHOUT an <em>open-source software steward</em>?</strong></summary>
```

Using the term _open-source software steward_ consistently throughout thw FAQ.

> A project can be without a steward. It is possible there is no one who has the purpose or objective of systematically providing support on a sustained basis for the development. If someone (e.g a company) uses code from the project in their product, the company is a manufacturer (as defined in the CRA), but no one becomes a steward based on fact the company uses project code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yes, an open source project can be without an _open-source software steward _. In fact, most open source projets won't have one. It is possible there is no organisation with the purpose or objective of systematically providing support on a sustained basis for the development. If someone (e.g a company) uses code from the project in their product, the company is a manufacturer (as defined in the CRA), but no one becomes a steward based on fact the company uses project code.
```
Additional suggestions that incorporates @maertsen's changes.

### Open-Source Software Stewards

<details>
    <summary><strong><a name="faq-tmp-170" href="#faq-tmp-170">tmp-170.</a> Can an open source project be WITHOUT an <em>open source software steward</em>?</strong></summary>

> No. Most open source projects will not have a steward. 

Author: @maertsen I just applied @tieguy 's suggestion to change the question, thus I assume no need to apply your suggestion.
